Tooltips and descriptions for dropdown menu (#6)
insightsengineering/r-pkgdown-multiversion: README.md

  _Default_: `Changelog`

* `version-tab`:

>   _Description_: Configuration how should the dropdownlist appear for multiple versions.It should be set as an ASCII text representation of an R list object. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _Description_: Configuration of how the drop-down list should appear for multiple versions. It should be set as an ASCII text representation of an R list object. Example:
```
